General ideas for implementing in the game.

Human characters can be promoted in rank. Each rank allows one of two abilities to add to the character.
Agarthian characters don't rank up, but they have a "spritilo" and "ectoplasm" counts. Capturing certain Agarthian technology either increases one or the other. These are then consumed to use abilities based on Agarthian technology.
Ectoplasm can be found:
	Orgone Reactors in derelict Agarthian facilities.
	Experimental Railgun Power Cells.
	Certain Noosphere labs experimenting on people, like the "Coffin Room".
	Memorilo, which also unlocks intel data
Ectoplasm serves a power source or a cooling substance:
	Required to use Exokirasso or Exoframo.
	Higher amount to use Exoframo with manipulators.
	Ammunition for the Letargio weapon.
Spritilo can be found:
	Lost Medallions.
	Pools of rogue or inactive Spritilo in the environment.
	Disabled Agarthian weapons.
Spritilo allows between several special abilities depending on the amount owned:
	Increases speed or stamina when the character is exposed to a strong light.
	Temperature Control, so it can traverse areas too hot or too cold without penalties.
	Silk Shot, similar to Snare ability.
	Electronic Warefare (remotely disables certain enemy abilities, like night vision or auto-sentries).
	Active camouflage (Allows the character recover the Stealth Status).

There's no cell phone or satellite uplinks underground, so characters need to lay down telephone cable to progress, like a secondary save system.
The cable requires connecting to particular sockets. Sometimes only accessible in crawl spaces.
It allows to replay the combat on visited maps.
The map of the underground follows the path of the wires layed down.

In XCOM parlance, should all characters have "Run And Gun" by default? Maybe disable it in heavier characters? Or make it a perk like in XCOM?

Characters might be able to traverse/climb floors at different heights outside combat. Combat with verticality is more dubious.

Scenario/Mission ideas:
	Regular Skirmishes
	Infiltration Scenarios
	Exfiltration Scenarios
	Stealth Mission akin to Metal Gear Solid, where the characters need to remain undetected towards an exit or objective.
	Puzzle to activate or deactivate some machine
	While in combat, particular locations need to be reached to plant demolition charges

In illuminated maps, terrain can be seen, but enemies are hiddens as fog-of-war.
In maps with "Darkness" hazard, terrain can't be seen until explored with night-vision, sonar or similar equipment.
In maps with "Smoke" hazard, only terrain in the vincinity of characters is not in fog-of-war.

The Miracle Machine can be found in one map and will allow to convert certain equipment into improved or degraded versions of it by chance.
